Running Kmm Sample with latest Kotlin version (#776)
realm/realm-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

### Internal
* Updated to Ktor 1.6.8.

> * Renaming internal synthetic variables to avoid deprecated prefix `$realm$` by `io_realm_kotlin_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rename internal synthetic variables prefix to `io_realm_kotlin_`, so deprecated prefix `$realm$` is avoided.
```
